### Streaming games natively from iOS devices
For as long as I've been playing and covering games on iOS (about a decade but who's counting), I've been on the hunt for a reliable and easy way to stream games directly from my devices. Despite an ocean of software on the App Store claiming to do just this, I only recently came across an app that really ticks every box for me while being completely free and dead simple to use: (PRISM Live)[https://apps.apple.com/us/app/prism-live-streaming-app/id1319056339].

After downloading the app, all you have to do is connect your preferred streaming service (I am on Peertube these days (streaming on Hardlimit)[https://video.hardlimit.com/c/namestolen/videos]) and you're off to the races. PRISM Live has the ability to auto-connect to a lot of popular platforms like Twitch and YouTube via login, and it just takes a few simple steps to connect to any custom services that use Real-Time Messaging Protocol (RTMP) like a Peertube instance. https://prismlive.com/en_us/faq/faq.html#

PRISM Live is better than a lot of other software I tested primarily because of how flexible and fast it is. I can literally just hit the screen record button from my control panel on any of my iOS devices and I'm live. Other services I was using wanted me to go into their app to set up a stream every time I wanted to broadcast anything, generate new links for my streams, pay for the ability to do any of this, or some other nonsense. It even works well on figuring out the orientation of your device so you don't have to worry about streams going sideways when doing portrait-mode stuff.

I will say another thing that makes this setup so easy is the flexibility of Peertube itself. When setting up live streaming, there's actually a setting that lets you choose whether you want to do a live stream link that will only be used once or is a recurring link. Using a recurring stream setup is what allows PRISM Live to be able to broadcast using the same RTMP settings over and over again without having to fuss with the app at all. There's also a bunch of other things I've grown to appreciate about Peertube since using this setup but maybe that's for another post.

I can't believe how long it took me to find this elegant solution to a simple problem, but I'm glad I did. My previous "good enough" solution used an app that was trying to be its own social media platform, complete with some garbage NFT hooks and I'm so glad to be done with it. I can now record basically unlimited amounts of gameplay footage for archival, clipping, and other sharing purposes and it's fast, easy, and free.